Spring cleaning for tasks 🧹🧼 (#785)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/text-generation/about.md

> This task covers guides on both [text-generation](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-generation&sort=downloads) and [text-to-text generation](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text2text-generation&sort=downloads) models. Popular large language models that are used for chats or following instructions are also covered in this task. You can find the list of all open-source large language models [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HuggingFaceH4/open_llm_leaderboard), ranked by their performance scores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task covers guides on both [text-generation](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-generation&sort=downloads) and [text-to-text generation](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text2text-generation&sort=downloads) models. Popular large language models that are used for chats or following instructions are also covered in this task. You can find the list of selected open-source large language models [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HuggingFaceH4/open_llm_leaderboard), ranked by their performance scores.
```

## Use Cases

### Instruction Models

A model trained for text generation can be later adapted to follow instructions. One of the most used open-source models for instruction is OpenAssistant, which you can try [at Hugging Chat](https://huggingface.co/chat).

### Code Generation

> A Text Generation model, also known as causal language model, can be trained on code from scratch to help the programmers in their repetitive coding tasks. One of the most used open-source models for code generation is StarCoder, can generate code in 80+ languages. You can try it [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/bigcode/bigcode-playground).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Text Generation model, also known as a causal language model, can be trained on code from scratch to help the programmers in their repetitive coding tasks. One of the most popular open-source models for code generation is StarCoder, which can generate code in 80+ languages. You can try it [here](https://huggingface.co/spaces/bigcode/bigcode-playground).
```
